lol# Contribution License Agreement

This Contribution License Agreement (“Agreement”) is agreed to by the party signing (“You”), 
and conveys certain license rights to Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc. and its affiliates 
(“Winsiderss”) for Your contributions to Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc. open source projects. 
This Agreement is effective as of the latest signature date.

1. **Definitions**. “**Code**” means the computer software code, whether in human-readable or
machine-executable form, that is delivered by You to Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc. under 
this Agreement. “**Project**” means the System Informer project owned or managed by Winsider 
Seminars & Solutions, Inc. and offered under the terms of the following license(s) MIT (including 
any right to adopt any future version of a license if permitted). “**Submit**” is the act of 
uploading, submitting, transmitting, or distributing code or other content to any Project, 
including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control 
systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Project for the 
purpose of discussing and improving that Project, but excluding communication that is conspicuously 
marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a Submission.” “**Submission**” means the 
Code and any other copyrightable material Submitted by You, including any associated comments and 
documentation.

2. **Your Submission**. You must agree to the terms of this Agreement before making a Submission
to any Project. This Agreement covers any and all Submissions that You, now or in the future
(except as described in Section 4 below), Submit to any Project.

3. **Originality of Work**. You represent that each of Your Submissions is entirely Your original 
work. Should You wish to Submit materials that are not Your original work, You may Submit them 
separately to the Project if You (a) retain all copyright and license information that was in the 
materials as You received them, (b) in the description accompanying Your Submission, include the 
phrase “Submission containing materials of a third party:” followed by the names of the third 
party and any licenses or other restrictions of which You are aware, and (c) follow any other 
instructions in the Project’s written guidelines concerning Submissions.

4. **Your Employer**. References to “employer” in this Agreement include Your employer or anyone 
else for whom You are acting in making Your Submission, e.g. as a contractor, vendor, or agent. 
If Your Submission is made in the course of Your work for an employer or Your employer has 
intellectual property rights in Your Submission by contract or applicable law, You must secure 
permission from Your employer to make the Submission before signing this Agreement. In that case, 
the term “You” in this Agreement will refer to You and the employer collectively. If You change 
employers in the future and desire to Submit additional Submissions for the new employer, then 
You agree to sign a new Agreement and secure permission from the new employer before Submitting 
those Submissions.

5. **Licenses**.

    - **Copyright License**. You grant Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc., and those who receive 
    the Submission directly or indirectly from Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc., a perpetual, 
    worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license in the Submission to reproduce, 
    prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute the Submission 
    and such derivative works, and to sublicense any or all of the foregoing rights to third parties.

    - **Patent License**. You grant Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc., and those who receive the 
    Submission directly or indirectly from Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc., a perpetual, 
    worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license under Your patent claims that are 
    necessarily infringed by the Submission or the combination of the Submission with the Project 
    to which it was Submitted to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import or otherwise 
    dispose of the Submission alone or with the Project.

    - **Other Rights Reserved**. Each party reserves all rights not expressly granted in this
    Agreement. No additional licenses or rights whatsoever (including, without limitation, any
    implied licenses) are granted by implication, exhaustion, estoppel or otherwise.
    
6. **Representations and Warranties**. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the 
above licenses. You represent that each of Your Submissions is entirely Your original work (except
as You may have disclosed under Section 3). You represent that You have secured permission from 
Your employer to make the Submission in cases where Your Submission is made in the course of Your 
work for Your employer or Your employer has intellectual property rights in Your Submission by 
contract or applicable law. If You are signing this Agreement on behalf of Your employer, You 
represent and warrant that You have the necessary authority to bind the listed employer to the 
obligations contained in this Agreement.  You are not expected to provide support for Your 
Submission, unless You choose to do so. UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, 
AND EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY STATED IN SECTIONS 3, 4, AND 6, THE SUBMISSION PROVIDED 
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY 
WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. **Notice to Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc.**. You agree to notify Winsider Seminars & 
Solutions, Inc. in writing of any facts or circumstances of which You later become aware that would 
make Your representations in this Agreement inaccurate in any respect.

8. **Information about Submissions**. You agree that contributions to Projects and information
about contributions may be maintained indefinitely and disclosed publicly, including Your name 
and other information that You submit with Your Submission.

9. **Governing Law/Jurisdiction**. This Agreement and all disputes, claims, actions, suits or 
other proceedings arising out of this agreement or relating in any way to it shall be governed by 
the laws of Quebec, Canada excluding its private international law provisions. 

10. **Entire Agreement/Assignment**. This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties,
and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings or communications, written or oral, 
between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be assigned by 
Winsider Seminars & Solutions, Inc..
